docs: Add how-to  granted permissions for uib application (#2855)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/applications-nav.adoc

   **** xref:ui-builder/builder-declare-interface-in-bonita.adoc[Declare the interface into Bonita]
   **** xref:ui-builder/package-and-deploy-your-application.adoc[Package and deploy your application]
   ***** xref:ui-builder/production-packaging.adoc[Production packaging]

>    ***** xref:ui-builder/how-to-declare-permissions-for-rest-api-request.adoc[Grant permissions to perform request to Bonita REST API]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ***** xref:ui-builder/how-to-declare-permissions-for-rest-api-request.adoc[Grant permissions for your application]
```
